Privacy Notice for Biometric Unlock
Last updated on 15 August 2022
1. The Face Unlock or Fingerprint Unlock feature allows you to use a face or fingerprint template, which contains pre-recorded facial or fingerprint features and a summary of biometric information that are stored locally on your device, to quickly unlock your device, apps or Private Safe and to perform security verification when you install relevant apps or make payments upon the receipt of an SMS verification code.
2. When using a feature that requires biometric information, you need to provide images of your face from different angles or your fingerprints. For example, when you use your face to unlock, we will request permission to access your camera and use the front camera to take images of your face from different angles and save your facial features in your face template. We will link your face or fingerprint template to your device, so that the device will be able to recognise you as its owner or the Authorised User and, when needed, perform facial or fingerprint recognition at later times.
3. Currently, the fingerprint recognition feature allows you to add more than one person's fingerprints. If you authorise any other person (the "Authorised User") to record their fingerprints into your device, you must inform the Authorised User of the terms of use after you turn on this feature.
4. When you turn on the Face Unlock or Fingerprint Unlock feature and provide the linked facial images or fingerprints, we will collect your or the Authorised User's face or fingerprint template, which contains facial or fingerprint features and a summary of biometric information. We will store the linked face or fingerprint template locally on your device only when the feature is turned on, regardless of whether you are the device owner or the Authorised User. We will not store the original facial images or fingerprints that you provided. In addition, we will process the linked face or fingerprint template using security measures that comply with laws, regulations and industry standards. When you use this feature on subsequent occasions, we will no longer store the facial or fingerprint data used in the facial or fingerprint recognition process. After the Face Unlock or Fingerprint Unlock feature is turned on, all related facial or fingerprint data will be processed locally on your device. We will not upload any of such data to our server, nor will we provide it to any third party.
5. Our device is designed in such a way that allows you to easily turn on or off the Face Unlock or Fingerprint Unlock feature. You may go to "Settings - Password & security - Fingerprint/Face" to turn on or off the feature. (The operation path may vary according to the device model and OS version.) After you turn off the feature and withdraw your consent to this Privacy Notice, we will stop the on-device processing of your and the Authorised User's personal information.
6. "Face Unlock" and "Smart Notification Hiding" are two independent features. After you go to "Settings - Password & security - Fingerprint/Face" and turn off the former, the device will consider that you will no longer use all the features relating to facial recognition and, as a result, the "Smart Notification Hiding" feature will also be disabled.
7. Please note that when you turn off the Face Unlock or Fingerprint Unlock feature, the linked face or fingerprint template that you already provided will not be deleted. You may go to "Settings - Password & security - Face - Face data" or "Settings - Password & security - Fingerprint" to delete the linked face or fingerprint template.
To learn more about how we protect personal information, please refer to our general Privacy Notice.
